[3.2] `dart create cli` (#5343)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/dart-create.md

The following table shows the templates you can use:

|------------------+---------------------------------------------------------|
| Template         | Description                                             |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|

> | `cli`            | A command-line application with basic argument parsing using [`package:args`](https://pub.dev/packages/args).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cli`            | A command-line application with basic argument parsing using [`package:args`]({{site.pub-pkg}}/args). |
```
